Here's my complete estimator.
I passed in the usual role,
sage_maker session and train_instance details.
I also created an output path in S3,
where I can save the trained model attributes.
I pass in the image name specific to deep AR.
So this estimator knows what model to train.
Now this only gives me a pretty basic estimator and I'm
going to want to define hyperparameters for the deep AR model.
I wanted to find parameters like the number of epochs to train for,
and the prediction and contexts length that I
want the model to sample from the training data.
I also have to let it know that my time series and lengths are measured in days.
These are just the required parameters.
There are a lot more optional parameters that can define
the underlying recurrent neural network in the training behavior.
So here I've provided a good starting list for
those parameters and a link here to read more about each one.
Basically, the number of cells and layers define the size of the underlying RNN,
and a bigger size is able to capture more complex relationships in the data.
Then batch size and learning rate define how this model trains and improves.
Then in this cell, I'm passing in those hyperparameters and setting them to my estimator.
Finally, I can pass in my training and test data and fit this estimator.
Now I could only provide training data.
But we've created both training and test data.
A test data set means that deep AR can calculate
accuracy metrics for the model during training on this test data set.
The computed error metrics will be included as part of
the log output that we can monitor for a training job.
So next, I'll call fit and I'll deploy this trained model.
After creating a prediction endpoint,
next I'll show you how we can make some predictions and evaluate this trained model.